.TH EMBROIDER 1
.DD September 16, 2021
.OS
.SH NAME
embroider \- convert between and create embroidery files
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B embroider
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.IR FILES...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B embroider
converts between standard embroidery formats and create embroidery files
using imagemagick-style filters.

A command line program for machine embroidery.

Copyright 2013-2021 The Embroidermodder Team

Licensed under the terms of the zlib license.

    https://github.com/Embroidermodder/libembroidery

    https://embroidermodder.org
.SH OPTIONS
Conversion:
.TP
.BR \-t ", " \-to
Convert all files given to the format specified
by the arguments to the flag, for example:

    $ embroider -t dst input.pes")

would convert \"input.pes\" to \"input.dst\"
in the same directory the program runs in.

The accepted input formats are (TO BE DETERMINED).

The accepted output formats are (TO BE DETERMINED).
.NR
.BR Output:
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-help
Print the basic help message.
.TP
.BR \-f ", " \-format
Print help on the formats that embroider can deal with.
.TP
.BR \-q ", " \-quiet
Only print fatal errors.
.TP
.BR \-V ", " \-verbose
Print everything that has reporting.
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-version
Print the version string.
.NR
Graphics:
.TP
.BR \-c ", " \-circle =\fICENTERX,CENTERY,RADIUS\fR
Add a circle defined by the arguments given to the current pattern.
.TP
.BR \-e ", " \-ellipse =\fICENTERX,CENTERY,RADIUSX,RADIUSY\fR
Add a circle defined by the arguments given to the current pattern.
.TP
.BR \-l ", " \-line
Add a line defined by the arguments given to the current pattern.
.TP
.BR \-P ", " \-polyline
Add a polyline.
.TP
.BR \-p ", " \-polygon
Add a polygon.
.TP
.BR \-s ", " \-satin
Fill the current geometry with satin stitches according
to the defined algorithm.
.TP
.BR \-S ", " \-stitch
Add a stitch defined by the arguments given to the current pattern.
.NA
Quality Assurance:
.TP
.BR \-test
Run the test suite.
.SH EXIT STATUS
.SH ERRORS
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.SH FILES
.SH NOTES
.SH BUGS
.SH EXAMPLE
.SH SEE ALSO
imagemagick convert mogrify
